(projector whirring)
John Paul?
It's me.
(alarm tweets)
Sweetie, I didn't know
you were coming over.
Well, I thought
I'd make dinner
for us tonight.
Oh.
Did your mom
throw away anything?
Uh... no.
Uh, wait,
did you say dinner?
Yeah.
Because you cooked dinner
for us two nights ago.
I was just gonna order a pizza.
I know, my lasagna
was a disaster,
but I'm redeeming myself.
By the time we're married
next month and I move in here,
I'll have perfected 10 meals.
And tonight I'm cooking
a perfect turkey.
Oh, the perfect turkey.
But what about
the perfect pizza,
made perfectly for you,
delivered right to your door?
John Paul, you cannot
eat out this much.
That's why you have me.
Come on. I insist.
(exhales)
Hey.
What's in the box?
I don't know.
Still going
through Mom's old stuff.
You know,
I'm thankful for the house,
but a lot of this stuff
just screams yard sale.
This box said "Keep" on it,
so I figured I'd check it out.
Anything else
out in the car?
No, no.
No, go through the box.
I'm gonna cook dinner.
Oh. Hey, you know
what's really good
is asparagus pizza.
No pizza.
No. Stop. Out.
Pi-- No pizza. Go!
(laughs)
So, what's inside?
Look at this.
What is it?
It's my dad's
military stuff.
Dog tags.
There's a letter.
(chuckles)
Look at this photo.
This is my dad.
Oh. So handsome.
Hmm. You know, my mom
never talked about him
before she died.
I always wondered
what really happened though.
That must have been
painful for her.
Yeah.
Look at them.
They're so young.
They had their whole lives
in front of 'em.
And then he's gone.
You know, I have no idea
how my dad died.
I don't really know
much about him.
Who's Eddie Adams?
I have no idea.
Well, why don't you
try to contact him?
Maybe he can
fill in some blanks.
You know I don't like
talking to strangers.
You're supposed to
like strangers.
You're a postman.
But I don't like dogs.
(beeping)
Hi, I'm looking for
an Edward J. Adams, please.
(stammers)
Edward James Adams.
Oh. Wrong number. Sorry.
Hi, my name
is John Paul George.
I'm looking for an Ed--
Uh, y-yeah,
you can call back.
No problem.
Hi, I'm looking for
an Eddie Adams, please.
Oh. I-- I'm sorry.
My condolences. I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm looking
for an Edward Adams.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Next.
I'm looking for
an Edward J. Adams, please.
Uh, okay.
Edward Jeffrey Adams?
Well, I don't know him.
Um, he would have
known my father.
Really?
(beeps)
Uh, is this Edward?
How old are you?
Twelve.
Have a good day.
(beeps)
(timer beeping)
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
What happened?
Oh.
Ohh!
I can't believe this.
I know. I'm sorry, John.
I didn't know it would
burn that easily.
What?
No, I mean trying to find
this Edward Adams guy.
I'm striking out
at every turn.
Dinner was perfect.
Perfect?
Honey, nobody can
order a pizza like you.
Stop it.
(chuckling)
How many names
do you have left
on that list?
One, and I'm expecting
to hit a brick wall,
but let's give it a shot.
(beeping)
(line ringing)
(line clicks)
Hello?
Anyone there?
MAN:
State your business.
My name is
John Paul George.
Like the Beatles?
Yeah, like the Beatles.
The Beatles broke up.
(line clicks, dial tone)
What?
What did he say?
"The Beatles broke up."
Here, let me try.
(line ringing, clicks)
Hi, we're looking
for a Mr. Edward Adams.
He's a friend of my--
Friend?
Wrong number,
Miss Manners.
Are you always
this rude?
(stammers)
Do you know a Stephen George
that was in Vietnam?
That's a name
I haven't heard
in a long time.
Who's asking?
Stephen George's son.
Good-bye.
(line clicks,
dial tone)
(beeps)
That man knew my father.
That man
knew my father.
He says 25,000 troops
will be withdrawn
by September.
Do you believe a word
that guy says?
Hey, preacher boy.
What, are we at church?
(chuckles)
Always with that Bible.
Just finding some comfort
in a place that's
not really comfortable.
What are you,
scared out here?
(scoffs)
Yeah, I'm scared.
And you know what?
This makes me feel better.
Here, read this.
4:13. It's underlined.
All right,
listen up, boys.
"I can do all things
through Christ
which strengthens me."
(soldiers laughing)
Amen! Amen!
Hey, what are you,
a preacher boy?
(soldiers laughing)
You're going
to Mississippi?
Just for
a couple of nights.
Just for the weekend.
Okay, tomorrow, 10:00 AM,
meeting with two photographers.
At 1:00
we finalize the catering,
and at 6:00
we meet with the minister.
How am I supposed to
explain that?
Is it cold in Mississippi?
John Paul.
- Fine.
- (chuckles)
But I am painting this room
while you're gone.
Okay.
Ohh.
** (country rock)
MAN:
* Yeah, it's late in the night
and I look in the mirror *
* Oh, but everyone's a story
of how grace appeared *
* And carried me
through the day *
* I woke up in America
* For the love of God
* For something bigger
than myself *
* More than fireworks
and fanfare *
* More than
a star-spangled banner *
* You're still beautiful,
America **
MAN:
Hold it right there.
Hello?
(gunshot)
What'd I say?
My name
is John Paul George.
I'm from California.
We spoke on the phone
the other day?
Never heard of you.
We spoke two days ago.
Go away.
No!
(gunshot)
(stammers)
Look, you don't
have to shoot at me!
I'm sorry.
What?
I think you know something
about my father.
I don't know anything
about your daddy.
Look, I'm gonna sit here
and wait until we talk.
Well, you can sit there
10 years for all I care.
I'll just sit here and wait.
Come on in.
Supper's on.
I'm Wayne.
Eddie Adams' son.
John Paul.
I know who you are.
Can I use your bathroom?
Hey, where are you?
Well, I found the guy.
Only, it's his son,
Wayne, and--
(sighs)
It looks like they lived in
this same old house forever.
So you'll be home tomorrow?
'Cause I really want you
to meet the videographer.
Ooh, I like.
What are these?
Mom, you like?
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Honey, I'll be home,
but I don't--
What?
I can't hear you.
Look, I can't talk now.
I just, you know--
Can you call me in an hour
when you get better reception?
I'll have some flowers for you
to pick from then anyway.
Okay? I love you.
(sighs)
Love you too.
(beeps)
(sighs)
Looks good.
Killed it myself.
Do you mind
if I say grace?
Father, we thank you
for this food
and we ask that
you strengthen us
with it.
And would you bless
our time together as we learn
more about our fathers.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Listen, we sort of got off
on a bad foot out there.
And I wanted to tell you
why I called you
and came out here
was to see your dad
about my dad,
because my dad said
that he and your dad
were best friends.
Whose dad?
Your dad and my dad.
Well, you're
a funny guy, Ringo.
Why did you make me
wait out there all day?
See how serious you were
about talking.
And me flying out here
didn't prove anything to you?
Flying's easy.
Sitting in
the hot Mississippi sun
ain't.
Wait here.
(clears throat)
I'm going to bed.
I gotta get up early.
W-Wait a minute.
I came out here
to talk about our fathers.
We'll talk
in the morning.
(machine gun fire)
(soldiers shouting,
faint)
Sounds like
someone made contact.
How far away?
Don't know. A few klicks.
I wouldn't worry about it.
When, uh...
When we go out tonight,
should I keep my eyes on you,
the jungle or the ground?
You know, in case
of trip wires.
All three, Stevie.
Should I ever look back
or should I just
keep looking forward?
Okay.
(soldiers shouting
continues)
What are you doing?
You're packing
too much stuff.
Just take absolutely
what's necessary.
Remember to
keep yourself hydrated.
You ready?
As I'll ever be.
Hey, everything okay?
That last phone call was kinda--
Oh, yeah.
No, it's fine.
It's, uh... different.
But, you know,
I think I'm gonna
stay the night, so--
Oh, so you must be
getting along well.
Well, actually, you know,
he's kinda creepy and weird.
Like a haunted house
type of--
You want some coffee?
Helps me sleep.
Um, honey,
Wayne's making coffee.
I'll call you
in the morning.
(beeps)
(loud clanking)
(chain saw revving)
(groans)
(revving continues)
Get off the roof!
What are you doing?
I'm sawing off
the roof!
I see that!
Why?
You can't go
on a road trip without
a convertible, Ringo.
What road trip?
(revving quiets)
No need to be yelling.
You'll wake my neighbors.
(chain saw stops)
What road trip?
Don't drop the roof.
(grunting)
Get your bag.
I'm already packed.
Don't worry
about locking up.
I'm not so worried
about locking up as I am
about why you're sawing--
I'm not reading
my daddy's letters
in that house.
Wait a minute.
What letters?
Letters
about Vietnam
which talk
about your daddy.
Well, can I see 'em?
They're $500 apiece.
(car door slams)
What are you talking about?
You wanna read 'em,
they're $500 apiece.
And we're going to the wall.
Wh-What wall?
Vietnam Wall.
In DC?
That's the one.
No, no, no.
I am not going to the wall.
I'm getting married
in three weeks.
I'm not going to the wall.
Well, congratulations.
(engine starts)
(thunder crashing)
All right, gentlemen,
listen up.
Last night at 2300,
one of our C-47s went down
behind enemy lines.
There were no survivors.
We got picked
for the mission to go in
and retrieve the bodies.
They're located within
a square mile somewhere
in the Mekong Delta.
It's not reachable by air,
so we're gonna have to
hump it all the way in.
The hump alone is 72 hours,
so stay alert
and do what I say.
And we will go in there and
find our boys before the enemy
and bring them home.
Any questions?
No, Sarge.
Adams, George, take us out.
Saddle up!
Lock and load, boys!
(engine revs)
I can't believe
you're making me pay
to read these letters.
All right,
I'll make you a deal.
I'll let you read one.
If you like it,
we move on.
Deal stands.
"Eleanor,
I can't begin to tell you
how much I miss you and Wayne.
It's only been a few weeks,
but it feels like an eternity.
I can't wait to get home.
I met a guy from California.
His name is Stephen George.
He's kind of religious.
He's gonna be
a preacher or something,
but he's a good guy."
My dad was gonna
be a preacher.
I didn't know that.
That's why they're worth
500 bucks apiece.
"His wife back home
just had a little boy.
That's all he talks about.
He's naming the boy
after the Beatles.
It makes me think of Wayne.
I miss you. Eddie."
Deal.
Why do we have to go to
the wall? Why can't we
just read the letters here?
I don't need to see my father's
name on a wall to find
the answers I'm looking for.
'Cause the answers you're
looking for and the answers
I'm looking for are in DC,
but they're not
names on a wall.
Stephen!
We've gotta fall back!
We gotta fall back!
I've got you covered.
Go!
Honey, it's
a two or three-day drive.
I'll fly out of DC
or something.
I've already called work.
Uh, no, honey.
Of course
I haven't forgotten
about the wedding.
This is just something
I need to do.
(stammers)
I don't care
about the flowers.
You pick the flowers.
White lilacs are fine.
They're fine because
they're not traditional, uh--
Yes, yes, you are
very traditional, honey,
so in that--
Hi, Cynthia?
This is Wayne Adams.
How you doing?
I understand how all this
must seem inopportune,
but I want you to know that
I asked John to accompany me
to the Vietnam Wall for closure.
It's been psychologically taxing
on us over the years,
which is difficult
for anyone to comprehend.
But let me tell you,
you are all he goes on about.
He just went to the restroom,
so he's gonna
call you right back.
(beeps)
That's how you talk to 'em.
You tell 'em
what they wanna hear.
It's 34 bucks.
She's gonna think
I didn't wanna talk to her.
Sounds to me like she was
doing all the talking.
That's how she is, Wayne.
She likes to talk.
She likes to control you.
Wow.
I'm traveling
with a psychologist.
The 365's coming up.
Take the next exit so we can
go straight through the state.
This is it. Get off right here.
What are you-- Get off!
Take the exit! Get off!
What are you doing?
Still can't drive
through 'Bama.
Wayne.
Wayne, this is ridiculous.
It's gonna take us
six extra hours to get there.
You in a hurry?
Yeah.
I kinda am, because
I gotta get back to California.
I got a wedding to plan.
You're not planning a wedding.
- Excuse me?
- Your girlfriend
is planning the wedding.
You're just
nodding your head "yes"
to everything she says
'cause you can't say no.
You're afraid of her.
Really? And you've
come to that conclusion
after knowing me for 12 hours,
having never met her,
and hearing one side
of one phone conversation?
It's impressive, isn't it?
- Why can't you
drive through Alabama?
- Oh, no, no, no.
Don't change
the subject on me.
Oh, no, no, no.
- Tell me you're not
afraid of her.
- I'm not afraid of her.
It's just easier
to let her have her way
than to argue about it.
- What's wrong with that?
- That's gonna be that way
your whole life.
She's always
gonna tell you what to do.
No, it's not.
And she doesn't
tell me what to do.
I just choose
to serve her needs.
By being here right now?
If I were you, I would
take her over my knee and--
You know what, Wayne?
You're not me.
And you know what?
And I would smack her!
I don't need--
I don't need relationship advice
from someone--
Smack her! Aah! Aah!
some backwoods hillbilly
who's never probably even
been in a relationship.
That's what I don't need.
You don't know
anything about me.
You're right, Wayne, I don't.
Why can't you
drive through Alabama?
Don't worry about it.
Not worried.
Just curious.
Why can't you drive
through Alabama, Wayne?
Told you I'm not
gonna talk about it,
so quit asking me.
Why can't you
drive through Alabama?
Don't worry about it.
Why can't you drive
through Alabama, Wayne?
Hey!
I told you
to stop asking me!
Get that through
your thick little skull
and quit asking me!
You're like
a little woodpecker,
just pecking after me!
Pecking! Pecking!
Why can't you
drive through Alabama?
(men chattering)
You okay?
Yeah.
You know,
I got your back,
Stephen.
Nothing is gonna
happen to you.
You okay?
I just wanna make things
right in my life.
I messed up a lot.
You know,
I got a son too.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Just wanna get home.
This mission?
I don't know.
I know.
I wrote my just-in-case letter
before we left.
I had one of
those feelings too.
You're more than welcome
to read my Bible. It might
make you feel better.
I don't know.
SARGE:
We move in one hour.
Hey, George.
You ever consider
the possibility that
Private Adams over there
is beyond the powers
of redemption?
Thank you, Sarge.
I don't think
that's something to be
joking about, sir.
Now, why's that, soldier?
Because that's a serious matter
between Eddie and God.
You having
some kind of a funny feeling
over there, Eddie?
No, Sarge.
You sure?
Yes, Sarge.
George and I were
just talking about stuff.
On your feet, George.
You wouldn't be
preparing my men for death,
now would you, soldier?
No, Sarge.
Absolutely not.
'Cause I've been hearing you
talk to them about God
and the Bible and all that.
You realize
that's not your job.
Yes, Sarge.
As you were.
Sarge!
Just came in.
All right,
we got the location now.
Two klicks north
from the fork
on the Giang River.
Adams.
Thank you.
That's right here, Sarge.
- All right, let's go.
Take 'em out.
- All right.
All right, guys,
grab your gear.
You're not
a Jesus freak,
are you?
What do you mean?
A freaky Bible guy.
Quoting scriptures all day long,
trying to convert people.
So, do you believe in God?
I knew it.
Knew what?
- I'm not gonna do this
with you.
- Do what?
Play these games.
What-- What games?
These beat-around-the-bush games
asking me questions about God,
so you can eventually
Bible-bash me to death
and tell me
I'm a terrible person
and I'm going to hell,
all so you can feel like
you done your saintly duty
by destroying
one of Satan's minions,
all so you can secure yourself
a nice little place in heaven.
Did you memorize that?
Look, honey,
it's gonna take
a little bit longer
'cause we can't drive
through Alabama.
Why can't you
drive through Alabama?
I-- I don't know.
Um, I'll be home Tuesday
at the latest.
John Paul,
this is not acceptable.
- Hi, Cynthia!
- I gotta go
before he breaks his leash.
- What have you gotten into?
- I can't talk now, honey.
Seriously, I need to go.
- No, wait--
- I'll call you later.
I love you. Bye.
I love you! Bye!
(laughing)
Whoo!
Forty-two bucks.
She was thirsty.
U-Uh, s-so
you got this one.
Uh, what do you mean?
Well, chronologically,
I got the last tank,
so that would mean
that you have this one.
Chronologically.
Chronologically,
you're about to
owe me $500.
(men shouting,
laughing)
(laughs)
Little girls.
What are you
looking at?
Big dumb hillbilly
with very little hygiene.
Looks like
that feminine ride of yours
ain't got no hygiene.
Hey, Jethro,
this ain't no trash can.
You wanna take that out?
Why don't you make me?
Okay.
Evening, sir.
Could I interest you in
a couple of bags of beef jerky?
This stuff is so good,
you'll punch your mama.
- That's okay.
- What about some iced tea
for the road?
Three dollars change.
You sure you don't
wanna buy any of this?
(grunting)
Uh-oh. Somebody just
got punched in the face.
Uh-oh.
Good grief.
(shouting)
Yeah, it's me
down at the gas station.
Look, hey, send me
three or four deputies.
I got a brawl going again.
Hey, look, you might
wanna roll the ambulance
with them, okay,
'cause these boys are serious
and somebody's gonna get hurt.
Ooh! I mean, he's putting
a whupping on this boy
like you ain't seen lately.
(shouting, grunting)
Uh-oh, you're not
gonna believe this.
The yuppie
just took down Goliath
with an oil can to the head.
Ringo, we gotta go!
Cops are coming!
(sirens wailing)
Why were we
fighting those guys?
'Cause they was
rude to me, man.
Nobody talks to me
like that. Nobody!
Oh, what? What?
You got a problem
with that now?
Uh, yeah, I do.
I just-- I can't believe--
That's just the way things
are around here, city boy.
You owe me a letter.
A letter?
All right.
You know, I--
I can't.
I feel like you're
taking advantage of me.
Advantage?
You show up at my house
and you think
I'm taking advantage of you?
I'm trying to help you!
I just helped you.
That's right, you did.
You found some courage in
that weak little body of yours
and you went all in.
Okay, I went all in
to try to stop it.
Exactly.
You went all in, Ringo.
I'm proud of you.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to get you
into the whole thing.
I just--
You know, I didn't expect--
Me?
Yeah.
Boys, it took y'all
long enough to get here.
Hey, look, y'all,
one bunch of 'em went towards
the interstate, all right?
The other bunch,
hey, they went toward
the old highway over here.
A big country redneck
and then a yuppie.
Big redneck
driving a pickup truck.
He's bigger than you are.
Then the yuppie
was driving some rig--
I don't know what it was.
Oh, did he ever put a whupping
on that big redneck.
One of 'em went that way,
one of 'em went that way.
May even be a tooth or two
out there.
Look, you boys need to get you
some of this beef jerky.
But when they first pulled up,
they went to war
with each other.
I don't know who's who.
It took y'all too long
to get here.
Look, you don't wanna
try to punch my mama,
'cause she's like homey.
She don't play that.
You'll be swallowing teeth.
That's all I know.
They left when they heard y'all
pulling up with sirens.
Yeah. Look. Hey,
that's my report
on the fight.
Y'all boys
want some beef jerky?
What's going on?
What do you got, Adams?
Path just ended,
Sarge.
Henderson?
Right here, sir.
Big Dragon,
this is Little Elf.
Big Dragon, be advised,
Little Elf
has followed designated route
to grid coordinates.
Route ends. Please advise.
Big Dragon,
be advised Little Elf
has rechecked map,
and grid coordinates
are correct.
How current
is your information?
Could you recommend an alt--
(twig snaps)
(gasping, panting)
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Now I'm crazy now too?
I don't know, Wayne.
They seemed to be
doing just fine.
What's your problem?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just a Ted Bundy
death-by-mutilation
sort of thing.
Well, just wave
your holy book at them.
Oh, okay.
Getting lucky
in Kentucky.
- Where you headed?
- New York City, mate.
DC, if you want it.
Fair dinkum,
we want it.
Thanks, man.
(engine starts)
This car's gorgeous.
What year
is this bird anyway?
'65.
What's your name?
Ted.
His name is Ted.
Is that a funny name,
mate?
(Wayne laughs)
Hey, pipe down, Cowboy Ted.
How 'bout you?
Oh, I'm Annie.
Look at that.
I'm John Paul George,
and this is--
Ringo?
(laughs)
Ted, be nice.
Yeah, Ted. It's not nice to
make fun of someone's name.
He's sensitive.
Sorry, mate.
That's okay.
- I'll go check on the rooms.
- I'll go with you.
Stay put.
- Are you guys brothers?
- (clears throat) No.
We're, uh, just friends.
He treats you like
a kid brother, you know.
Well... yeah.
So, why are you guys
going to DC?
- It's a long story.
- It's a long ride.
That it is.
Where you going?
Making sure
I get my own room.
Tell him
I'm gonna sleep outside.
Does he really think
he's a cowboy?
Yes.
(laughs)
How long you known him?
One long month on the road.
We're cousins, you know,
so I think he feels this
obligation to look after me.
- I've known Wayne two days.
- Really?
We're, uh, driving to DC
to see our fathers' name
on the Vietnam Wall.
Wow.
TED:
How many rooms, mate?
Scoot over, Annie.
We're under the stars
tonight.
Really?
Yep.
They didn't have any rooms?
Some stupid boy scout jamboree.
All booked up for the night.
(sighs) Where--
Where are we gonna sleep?
Well, at least
it's not raining, huh?
I think
I have scoliosis.
There's a rock lodged
between my third
and fourth vertebrae.
Isn't this
backwards?
Shouldn't the boy scouts
be sleeping outside, working
on their camping merit badges
or weaving a basket
or something?
Yeah, is there some, like,
ultra-comfortable, super-dry
hotel room merit badge
that I'm missing?
Look, everybody just stop
your complaining, okay?
It's good for you
to sleep outside.
Gets you closer to nature.
I like it out here,
Wayne.
And I like you.
So, tell us more
about why you guys
are going to the wall.
This guy
shows up on my doorstep,
and here we are.
John Paul told me
about the letters.
Can I read one?
You ever gonna read
that thing? You paid for it.
You might as well read it.
Paid for it?
Long story.
"Dear Eleanor."
Who's that?
That's my mama.
Where's she?
Dead.
Pretty name.
"Dear Eleanor and Wayne,
It's been raining here
for 12 days straight."
EDDIE'S VOICE:
Not much to say, I guess.
Just wondering
how you all are doing.
I've been looking at things
a little differently, thanks
to this guy, Stephen George.
He's a good man.
He doesn't judge me
and I can open up to him.
He's small.
He's not a great soldier,
but he's bigger
than any man out here.
I've written eight times,
and I haven't heard from you.
I'd like to know
how Wayne's doing
in preschool.
Okay, I love you.
Eddie.
(thunder rumbling,
crashing)
(grunts)
Hey.
Where is everyone?
(laughs)
Uh, you hungry?
I'm starving.
Starving.
(spits)
Annie needs coffee.
That's good.
Who's got
the coffee?
Need
the coffee.
Why don't I wake him up
and then the four of us
will go get something?
- Yeah, sure, mate.
- Okay. Cool.
Cool.
(grunting)
Wake up.
Maybe I'll just
let them do it.
You know, maybe
we oughta just wait.
He's a little, uh--
Well, mate,
I'm not waiting anymore.
I saw a store
about a mile back
last night.
- Come on, Annie, let's go.
- I can wait.
Look, you guys,
it's just not--
All right, look.
I'm sorry, okay?
I just get all cranked out
when I don't get good sleep.
All right?
So how about the three of us
go get some coffee and some
breakfast stuff with the car,
come back and get Wayne
when he gets up?
Yeah.
I don't know, you guys.
Well, then Annie
and I'll go get it.
- I don't know.
- It'll be fine, mate.
We'll just
take the car.
Uh--
Yeah.
We'll be right back.
With coffee.
TED:
She's a beauty.
Not a scratch, mate.
(engine starts)
It's not that big of a deal.
I could just try
to wake him up
one more time.
(grunting)
Oh, boy.
Ringo, where's my car?
Tell me you didn't
let him take my car.
They said
they'd be right back.
How could you let him
take my car?
- They said
they'd be right back.
- No, you moron!
They stole my car!
Don't call me names.
Moron!
Stop calling me that.
If you call me moron
one more time--
What are you gonna do
about it, huh?
(shouts)
(chickens clucking)
(goat bleating)
Wait here.
Oh, tell me
you're not considering
the services of this car.
I'll take care of it.
(scoffs)
Nice move, Grace.
Oh. Why, hello.
What's your name?
Um, look, we--
Uh, that car
that's out there,
the one with
the "for sale" sign,
I wanna buy it.
$1,200 firm, cash only.
(laughs)
I have $600.
Excellent handling.
Little girl?
Ah... we'll take it.
He's got the money.
You have $600?
Well, you handled that
really well, didn't you?
And I'm out $600.
No, you're not.
You're only out
a hundred dollars.
And you know what, Wayne?
I really don't care.
Because I did the deal,
and the deal's done.
So you could show
a little more gratitude.
Hey, Ringo, guess what?
I'm not showing
any gratitude
'cause I'm driving
a 1984 VW Rabbit
when I should be driving
my 1965 Ford Thunderbird!
(engine revving)
(tires screeching)
- What are you doing?
- Let's see what this
little baby can do.
- Slow down!
- (tires screeching)
- (clears throat)
- I was wrong about this car.
What?
Truck!
Truck, truck, truck!
The truck!
(screaming)
Huh? Whoo!
(panting)
(siren wailing)
No.
Where did he go?
No, no, no, no!
What are you--
Stop the car, Wayne!
(siren stops)
- Look, I have
a suspended license--
- What?
a few warrants
and no ID.
My name is Edward...
(car door closes)
Brisko.
- You got it?
- Driver, slowly step out
of the vehicle.
Place your hands
on the hood.
Passenger, put your hands
on the dash.
Okay, Officer,
but this isn't my car.
Don't move.
Okay.
- This your car?
- Yes, sir.
Step out of the vehicle,
please.
Driver's license,
registration,
proof of insurance.
Um, you see, we, uh,
were just test-driving it
'cause we just bought it,
you know.
No, we weren't test-driving it
because we did just buy it.
And I don't have insurance
'cause I'm from California,
Officer.
John Paul George?
- Yes.
- Three first names?
That's what I said too, sir.
- Where's yours?
- Uh--
Well, I don't have mine on me.
See, I was just
driving the car up the hill
'cause he can't drive a stick.
That makes two of you.
What's your name?
Mine?
Um...
Eddie Brisko.
- This your friend?
- Yes, sir.
That his name?
No, it's Wayne Adams.
Put your hands
on top of your head.
Interlock your fingers.
You got two minutes.
Hey, Cynthia, it's me.
I'm on my way home,
but I may need bail.
Bail? For jail?
Who are you right now?
Calm down.
No, don't tell me
to calm down.
Okay, I can't take this.
I don't know where you are
or who you're with.
Cynthia--
No, Jonathan,
I'm serious.
If you don't
come home right now--
I can't come home right now.
I'm in jail.
(line clicks,
dial tone)
Cyn--
(sighs)
Women.
This is why we need dads.
So, you gonna make a call
or anything?
'Cause I hear the guys
in "D" Block are planning
an escape at midnight.
This funny to you, Ringo?
Yeah, Wayne, it is.
It's one big joke.
So, what'd you do?
'Bama ain't the only state
I can't drive through.
Why?
'Cause this ain't the first time
I made this trip.
Came to the wall 16 years ago.
My mama wanted to see it.
We never made it.
(boy crying)
Mommy, no!
(siren wailing)
Got hit by a drunk driver.
Crashed our car
into the bridge.
Mama died.
So I was scared,
and I just hid
till the ambulance came
and took her away.
I just ran.
Like a stupid kid, I ran.
(sniffles)
I needed money to get home,
so I robbed the first...
gas station I saw.
I didn't hurt anybody.
So just relax, Ringo.
You'll be out of here
in the morning.
(whispering)
Jesus, forgive me.
(sobs)
What am I doing?
I'm so sorry.
I ask this for Wayne's sake.
Be a dad to him.
All right,
I need a perimeter.
How long
do you think it's been
since they were here?
I don't know. Hard to tell.
Probably a few hours.
Fire's still going.
What's that smell?
EDDIE:
Don't touch that, Stevie.
Check that tent there,
Shears.
It's clear.
- Rigby?
- Clear.
Looks like
it's pretty clear, Sarge.
What's wrong, sir?
I don't know.
Blood trail.
SARGE: All right, boys.
Take five, cover and conceal.
Move.
Which one of y'all
is John Wayne?
I'm John, that's Wayne.
John Paul George?
Yeah, that's me.
- Like the Beatles.
- Yes.
- Three first names.
- That's what I said.
Hey!
Free to go.
Check out at the desk
for your belongings.
(buzzer sounds)
What, do you like it in here?
Let's go, scoot! Come on.
Wayne Richard Adams.
Free to go.
Check out at the desk
for your belongings.
Let's go. Come on.
I don't got all day.
** (humming)
Morning, boys.
Hi.
Sign there.
That car
was reported stolen.
They dumped it into the yard
two days ago.
Sent one of the boys out
to check things out last night.
Apparently, that little girl
put that sign on the car
just before you two showed up.
Say that makes her
a pretty smart little twig,
wouldn't you?
Figures.
Go on. Get out of here.
(siren blares)
Get down!
They let you go.
You're free.
They'll realize
their mistake
soon enough.
I'm not going back.
Wayne, I really think
God's protecting us.
I've been praying about it,
and look what just happened.
Oh, you prayed.
Oh, good. Thanks, man.
Everything's gonna
be just fine.
How much money you got left?
You want the last letter?
I don't have any money.
You have all my money.
What, you giving up?
- You want the last letter?
- Wayne, I don't have any money.
I have just enough
for a bus ticket home
and that's it.
Ringo.
Fine.
I'll get you the money.
Let me see it.
I don't have it on me.
Of course. See you later.
Ringo.
Ringo!
SARGE:
Little Elf to Big Dragon.
We are at Checkpoint Alpha.
Be advised we do not have
a visual on our plane.
Do you read me? Over.
(sighs)
Henderson,
you keep working that radio
till we find our plane.
I'm on it, Sarge.
Hey.
What?
Do you, uh--
Do you have
a piece of paper?
I'll give you a piece
of my Bible.
Why, you feel
like writing something?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Dear, uh-- Dear Wayne,
I'm in a lot of trouble.
Don't be like me.
I'm not writing that.
He should be so lucky.
I don't know what to write.
Speak from the heart.
You know, I, uh--
I always struggled
with my belief in God.
Lately, I've been--
I been thinking about
thinking about it.
You know, there's
a verse in here that says,
"If you seek, you will find."
Do you know
what you'll find?
- What?
- Jesus.
He can heal every hurt,
every ounce of pain
that you feel,
every wrong act
that you ever did.
He died on the cross
just for you, Eddie.
Why would he do that?
Why me?
He loves you,
selflessly.
And he wants to spend
an eternity with you
in a place where
there is no more pain,
no more fighting,
no separation.
He loves you as much
as you love Wayne,
and he died for you
just like you would die
for Wayne.
I don't wanna die
out here, Stevie.
The things
that he's seen me do--
I don't think
he could forgive me.
Well, that's the beauty
of our Father.
If you confess your sins,
Jesus will be faithful and just
to forgive us of our sins
and offer us
an eternal life in heaven.
Will you be there?
Yeah.
And so can you.
You and me here,
it's temporary.
But paradise with him
is eternity.
MAN (on radio):
Hello. This is Big Dragon.
Over.
Big Dragon?
We are
at Checkpoint Alpha.
We are about to
proceed to target.
Can you read me?
CYNTHIA:
I love you, John Paul George.
I'm sorry that I gave you
an ultimatum.
- Will you forgive me?
- Yeah.
I would be mad at me too.
This-- This trip, you know--
Listen, you are so much
more important to me
than this wedding.
I want you to take
as much time as you need.
How did I get so lucky?
(chuckles)
You know,
I was just on my way--
Are you okay?
Are you there?
Honey, I gotta go.
I love you. I gotta go.
Stop the bus!
(car engine starts)
Put your hands
on the counter, old-timer.
This is my store.
It's not a company franchise.
Just open the drawer.
Wayne Adams!
Put the gun down
and your hands on your head.
(places gun on counter)
- Wayne?
- Don't move.
You just keep selling me out,
huh, Ringo?
On your knees.
Get on your knees, now.
Plastic gun, huh?
Up, nice and slow.
Get in the car, son.
What, me?
(sighs)
It's funny, you know.
You even sound
like your dad.
What'd you just say?
When I heard the call about
two young men in possession
of a stolen vehicle
on the way to the Vietnam Wall
to visit their dead fathers,
I didn't think much of it,
until I heard your names.
Wayne Adams
and John Paul George.
I was your dads' sergeant
in the 25th.
Well, once I recognized
the names, sure.
See, your dads talked about
the two of you an awful lot.
The things they wanted to do
when you boys got older.
It was those kind
of good thoughts
that helped them survive
during combat.
I wanted
to meet you guys, too,
one day.
What do you know?
Here we are.
What do you know
about your dad, Wayne?
I don't know. Just...
been reading
his letters and stuff.
He was a tough man,
like you.
(sighs)
Pain in my butt,
I'll tell ya.
Picked a lot of fights,
but he won most of 'em.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So, what happens now?
With, you know, the store.
Don't worry about all that.
Chuck's a friend of mine.
We go to church together.
I'll talk to him.
He'll do what I say.
It's a good thing
that gun wasn't real,
or you'd be looking
at armed robbery.
Now, your dad, John--
All he did
was talk about God
all the time.
Made me crazy.
I wanted to get him
kicked off my squad.
- Bet you didn't know that.
- No, sir.
But I'll tell you something.
I learned a lot from him.
Things that changed my life.
See, most men think
that their life only matters
while they're alive.
But some of the greatest men
I've ever known
are already gone.
Your dads are two of 'em.
I never thought too much
about God.
I wanted what
I wanted out of this life
and pretty much got it
all on my own.
But I've learned that,
at some point,
each and every man
figures out that
there's a void deep down
inside their soul.
There's nothing in this world
that can fill it.
About 10 years ago,
I hit that point.
My wife passed away,
and that deep void came,
and I questioned God.
Everything in my life
seemed like sand.
And then the words
of your dad, John,
came roaring back to me.
I remember him saying,
"It's the foolish man that
builds his castle on the sand
and the wise man
that builds it on the rock."
I'll never forget that.
I learned that a man doesn't
have to die when he dies.
Stephen George taught me that.
See, I'd heard about Jesus,
but I didn't know him.
It wasn't until I started
to understand all that
that my life changed.
(exhales)
Thank God.
You two come with me.
I want to show you something.
Now, this, gentlemen,
is some of the treasure
that I've stored up
here on earth.
Hopefully, the good Lord
will forgive me.
I'm sure he will.
You like that?
Yes, sir.
Good. Here, take it.
No way.
Mr. Mansfield,
I'm not sure what--
Be sure, son.
Why are you two here?
What'd you set out to do?
We set out
to go to the wall.
A gift.
Sometimes one
of the hardest things to do
is just simply accept it.
Take it
before I change my mind.
I accept it.
Mr. Mansfield,
how did my dad die?
MANSFIELD:
We were on the last night
of a mission
to recover a downed
American flight crew.
Both your dads
were on point together.
What's the plan here,
Sergeant Mansfield?
You boys stay here.
I'm gonna go in.
Let me go, Sarge.
You sure, Adams?
Yes, Sarge.
- Shears?
- Sarge.
- I got your back.
- No, you're staying
right here, Stevie.
Not a chance.
MANSFIELD:
Boys, be careful now.
Yes, sir, Sarge.
Will you hold this
for me, Sarge?
You got it.
Stay to my left.
Stay alert. Stay alert.
Thank you, Sarge.
All right. All right.
I'm going in there, Stevie.
You cover me.
Okay. I got you.
Go!
Eddie?
Eddie? How's it look?
(panting)
Oh, no.
Get back.
Eddie, that's attached
to claymores.
I'm gonna get some bamboo
and prop that wire.
Don't move.
Henderson?
Sarge.
I'm going in.
You stay on that radio.
You got it, Sarge.
All right.
I'm coming in behind you.
Carefully.
Hold still.
Here we go.
(gasps)
- (screams)
- Stevie!
Adams, get out of there now!
That's an order!
Hang on!
Stevie, you hang on, man.
You're gonna make it.
Come on, come on!
Hang on.
(gasps)
Need to get on your feet!
Come on, let's go!
(grunts, coughs)
Stay low. I'll be back.
(coughs)
Hey, man.
You still there?
Yeah.
You take that for me?
No, man, I slipped.
(laughing)
(coughing)
Hey, uh, do you--
Do you think I still have time
to make that choice?
(coughing)
You think Jesus won't think
I cheated on him?
No.
When Jesus died
on the cross,
a thief asked him
the same thing.
Well, what did he say?
"On this day,
you will be with me
in paradise."
(gunfire)
(shouting)
(gunfire continues)
Forgive me, Jesus.
I'll see you
in paradise, Steve.
Your fathers died bravely,
serving their country.
When I got back to the States,
I called your mother, John,
let her know I had
Stephen's last letter.
She asked me to hold on to it
until she was ready. I--
I guess it was just
a little too emotional for her.
Then I'd learned she'd passed,
so after a while I thought
it'd be all right to open it up.
That's when I learned
it wasn't written to her.
It was written to you.
(sighs)
STEPHEN'S VOICE:
Dear John Paul,
I may seem
far away from you,
but I think about you
every day.
I wanted to tell you
not to be afraid
of life's journey.
You will have
both good times and bad,
but know that God is there
through them all.
He loves you more
than I ever could, John Paul,
and I love you
with all my heart.
I'm already so proud of you.
I'm proud that God
gave you to me and your mom.
And know that you've got
my biggest blessing
to be
who God intends you to be.
No matter what, Son,
know that I love you
and that Jesus loves you.
You can trust him
with your heart, John Paul,
just as I have.
I can't wait to see you again.
Until then.
Love, Dad.
MAN, WOMAN:
* The winds have changed
* I think I'm headed
for a breakthrough *
* In my life
* The weather's clearing
* God knows
I've been haunted *
* By this lingering storm
* Afraid of coming undone
* It's been a long, long time
* Since I've looked inside
* Do I really want to see
* Myself?
* Do I? Do I?
- What is this?
- * Do I?
* This rearranging desires
* Unraveling these wires
* It takes a long, long time
* To see what's inside
(exhales)
It's your last letter.
Free of charge.
* Do I? Do I?
* Do I?
No.
It's addressed to you.
* Amen
You should read it.
(sighs)
"Dear Wayne,
This is your dad.
I don't really know
what to say.
I've always struggled
with my belief in God.
But I'm thinking
about thinking about it.
There's a verse
that my friend Stephen
keeps telling me about."
Your dad got my dad
to read the Bible?
"'If you confess your sins--'"
(sniffles)
"'Jesus is faithful and just
to forgive us our sin
and to cleanse us
from all unrighteousness.'
Ain't that something?
Because he loves you,
he loves you
as much as I love you,
and he died for you
just like I would die
for you, Wayne.
I asked Stevie what's next,
and he told me that's exactly
what God is waiting for.
What will I choose next?
There's a lot more
I want to say,
but now's not the time.
I love you, Wayne,
and I miss you.
Dad."
(crying)
I love you too, Daddy.
This is my father's Bible.
May I?
Of course.
JOHN:
At some point in life,
everyone struggles
to understand
who they really are.
For me, it started with
wondering who my dad was.
On this journey,
I learned that he loved me,
and his example
gave me a glimpse
of something far greater.
I have a heavenly Father
who loves me more
than an earthly father
ever could.
That's what my dad taught me
on the way to the wall.